slide 1 - capa (2 min)
apresentação do grupo, integrantes, da ocasião e do título do trabalho

slide 2 - index (1 min)

slide 3 - Intro 1 (2 min)
localização da nossa contribuição nos sistemas complexos compostsos por seres humanos. No que implica caracterizar, classificar e experimentar neste contexto. Posicionamento de pesquisador e de humano componente destes sistemas. Neste último caso, nos aproximamos da antropologia.

slide 4 - Intro 2 (2 min)
What are we talking about? Responder
com a rede do CCS, da apresentação e observadas
com as redes do FB, TW, Email, Participa.
(subslides com imagens (FB), tabelas (tw e part) e videos (email))

slide 5 - intro 3 (2 min) 
Roadmap da exposição:

 conceptual considerations (base); (2 min)

 topological stability and textual (2 min)
differentiation leading to (2 min)
 types (2 min)
(of participants, of sectors, of networks);
 percolatory experiments (ephemeral and continuant);
 anthropological physics (what and problems); 

conceptual considerations on percolatory exp (5 min)
(questions on chat:
 how many ppl and who knows who;
 which are the real and virtual networks in which they participate?
 Which are the more importat ones? Which meta-networks?);

 meta-sensors, 
ubiquitous inequality 
(ask for help on formalization and problematization),
 maximization of bandwidth as perception and cochlea;

 implications for self-knowledge: us-army?
 Publicized data. Boudaries for understanding the networks as part of the individual? Resistence and transformative procedures: collective and diffusion of informations and goods. Cyberpunk? Should we at CCS start some open percolation process? Beyond CCS itself?

=======================

slide 6 - Conceptual considerations (2 min)
Cultural industry, cultural fordism, unification of humanity

slide 7 - (2 min)
topological stability

slide 8 - (2 min)
Textual differentiation 

slide 9 - (2 min)
Typologies of participant, sector and networks

slide 10 - (2 min)
Percolation experiments
Ephemeral (betwenness vs closenness)
continuant (vaca do fim do mundo)

slide 11 - (5 min)
conceptual considerations on percolatory exp (5 min)
(questions on chat:
 how many ppl and who knows who;
 which are the real and virtual networks in which they participate?
 Which are the more importat ones? Which meta-networks?);

slide 12 (5 - 10 min)
 implications for self-knowledge: us-army?
 Publicized data. Boudaries for understanding the networks as part of the individual? Resistence and transformative procedures: collective and diffusion of informations and goods. Cyberpunk? Should we at CCS start some open percolation process? Beyond CCS itself?
